Let's start with why this was made: People keep abusing upper staff and the idea of a "court system" was made.

0.1 - Global Showdown Rules
  0.0.1 - The Basic Understanding Of Globally Made Rules Among All Servers
    0.0.1.1 - Impersonating Auth From The Main Server is an offence worthy of a lock, Not just on one server, But globally (Every server)
    0.0.1.2 - Hacking Other Servers Among The Showdown Community Is Bannable (If you own a server) else like above, A global lock will be enforced, Your account may also be deleted from the database and banned from usage.
    0.0.1.3 - Begging for people to host a server for you in ANY way shape or form will result in a global lock among all servers.
    0.0.1.4 - If you have want to make a plugin but don't know how you cannot ask developers from main to make it for you, However you could get tips from coding rooms (not Development)

0.2 - Default Server Rules
  0.0.2 - The Basic Understanding Of Basic Server Side Rules
    0.0.2.1 - Be nice to people. Respect people. Don't be rude or mean to people.
    0.0.2.2 - Follow US laws. No porn (minors use showdown), don't distribute pirated material, and don't slander others. (The first amendment does not apply)
    0.0.2.3 - No sex. Don't discuss anything sexually explicit, not even in private messages, not even if you're both adults.
    0.0.2.4 - Moderators have discretion to punish any behaviour they deem inappropriate, whether or not it's on this list. If you disagree with a moderator ruling, appeal to zellman.
    0.0.2.5 - Do not spam, flame, or troll. This includes advertising, asking questions with one-word answers in any room, and flooding the chat such as by copy/pasting logs in rooms.
    0.0.2.6 - Don't call unnecessary attention to yourself. Don't be obnoxious. ALL CAPS and formatting are acceptable to emphasize things, but should be used sparingly, not all the time.
    0.0.2.7 - We reserve the right to tell you to stop discussing moderator decisions if you become unreasonable or belligerent.
    
0.3 - Extended Server Rules
  0.0.3 - The Extended Rules (Server Side)
    0.0.3.1 - Do not insult auth of any authority in any way, shape or form, If you do so, You will be muted.
    0.0.3.2 - Do not try and find loopholes in the system, If you try, You will be LOCKED, No questions asked.
    0.0.3.3 - Do not go to leaders to deal with moderation problems, Go to zellman instead, and if you are muted, Don't PM the auth who punished you "oh I didn't do it" or "but [name] told me to explain why i hate [name]"
    0.0.3.4 - You can have an opinion, To a certain point.
    0.0.3.5 - If you call out "abuse" to another persons mute/lock/ban, You will also be muted along with them, Instead, Tell zellman about the "abuse" issue, But don't pester him about it.
    0.0.3.6 - Don't make your own court systems, This one is the one we will abide by from now on.
